I am Umm Muhammad from Beit Lahiya, north of Gaza. We were
sitting in school here. The Jews feared for us and
brought out young men, including my husband. I found
my husband
sick. He had a severe stroke. He had a heart attack. We did not see
the Jews. When he feared for us, he told them to reach the
age of 18 to 50. My husband is 45 years old, but he is sick. I mean,  Our
Lord, from above, God willing, we will raise him up and rest in peace,
O Lord, and may God relieve his captivity. He has no
job, no resistance, nothing, but he serves the people
here in Meh, and everyone bears witness to God. Everyone bears witness to God. He
remains only to serve the people. I do not eat or drink. I am
sitting here, me and my
two children.  Is there anyone with us sitting
here? One meter after another. You made me leave, me and my children, and we
sat.
I have a son who can’t hear. I can’t do what I can do for him.
Every day, I want my father. I want my father to make a living. I can go
to the south. Where do I want to go? I and
my children are young. Where do I want to go? I want to go around the south.
I’m all day.  Why did they take my father? We
were sitting in the room. Why did they take my father
while we were
sitting? Why did my father settle his money and nothing?
We were sitting in the room. Why did they take my father? My father is an
eye and my
father started shouting at us when he came out. Why is it forbidden? By
God, it is forbidden for him. He is a sick man with two legs. They took him and his
legs have bruises and he is unable to walk.  And he doesn't
move. What's wrong with him? By God, the whole
school dreams about his life. All the people learn about
his life. He's a man in a
state.